Reformat Contributing (Reopened) (#6254)
TownyAdvanced/Towny: .github/CONTRIBUTING.MD

# Contributing to Towny
Thanks for deciding to contribute to Towny! We really appreciate contributions, but to keep everything running smoothly and get contributions merged in a timely manner, we need to enforce some guidelines. :shipit:

Contributions are welcome via GitHub Pull Requests.
You must fork this repository and then open it via your IDE.   
You can always ask for help on your contribution in the [Towny Discord](https://discord.gg/gnpVs5m).    

## Before contributing
- Make sure to read the [Towny license](https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/Towny/blob/master/LICENSE.md).
- By opening an pull request, you:

>     - represent that you have the right to waive copyright and related rights to your contributions
>     - agree that all copyright and related rights in your contributions will be waived
>     - acknowledge that the TownyAdvanced organization has the copyright to use and modify your contributions under the [Towny license](https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/Towny/blob/master/LICENSE.md) for perpetuity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - represent that you have the right to waive copyright and related rights to your contributions,
    - agree that all copyright and related rights in your contributions will be waived,
    - acknowledge that the TownyAdvanced organization has the copyright to use and modify your contributions under the [Towny license](https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/Towny/blob/master/LICENSE.md) for perpetuity.
```

If you do not agree with the terms of our license, do not contribute to the Towny project.

# About pull requests

> > Pull requests will have their commits squashed upon merge, this also includes commit messages! Take this into account when commiting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Pull requests will have their commits squashed upon merge, and your various commits' messages will be used in the squashed commit. Take this into account when making your commits.
```

   - All IDEs are different, we do this to keep consistency in the codebase.
   - This keeps code differences in GitHub clean and simple.
5. Do not use NMS (`net.minecraft.server`)[^nms], or reflection. We aim at only using the Spigot API.
6. Do not directly interact with the Minecraft protocol.
   - This includes the usage of ProtocolLib or Netty.

# About dependencies
For the sanity of the rest of us, and the maintainability of the project, please adhere to the following guidelines when attempting to include a dependency or an third party library.

1. Libraries need to be approved by the maintainer before being merged. We recommend you ask before commiting.     
2. Prevent `ClassNotFound` exceptions.
   - Do not reference a plugin in a loaded class, unless that plugin is enabled.
3. Do not add plugin support directly into Towny **unless** it can benefit the project (such as economy/permission bridges).
   - For Towny support, you should be using the [`TownyAPI`](https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/Towny/wiki/TownyAPI) instead.
   - Even if you believe it can benefit the project, please ask the maintainer first.
4. Do not embed dependencies directly into Towny.

>    - All dependencies should use the `provided` scope instead. This means that the dependency will be provided by the plugin JAR (e.g. Vault), or the server JAR (e.g. Adventure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - All dependencies should use the `provided` scope instead. This means that the dependency will be provided by the plugin JAR (e.g. Vault), or the server JAR (e.g. Essentials, Citizens).
```

Author: Not sure what you mean here, by server JAR I'm talking about libraries included in paper, spigot, yk, adventure and gson for example
